== README FOR L.I.F.E. (Project 2 - Team 9)

* A website created with Ruby on Rails, deployed via heroku
* Authentication is provided via Devise
* Landing page slide utilizes Flickity

* The theme of this website/app is L.I.F.E. (Lessons In the Form of Experiences),
<em>i.e.</em> the education that people gain through things that they do and see outside of a traditional
 academic classroom.

*The purpose of the web application is to provide a forum for users who are interested in means of learning
by methods other than traditional academic programs.

Specifically, the user should:

1. Be able to view the home page and arrow through the slider of pictures with quotes about experience and life as education
2. Be able to use the navigation buttons to select what they would like to do or see next
3. The user may view an index of stories that people have provided on the site about their own non-traditional learning experiences.
The user may choose to view these stories by category.
4. The user may view the profiles of others who belong to and have contributed to the website
5. A user may select the option to share their own learning story.  If they are not logged in, they will be
redirected to log in or sign-up to log in.
6. When the user signs up, they create a secure log-in with password authentication.
7. After sign-up, the user is prompted to create a profile, with name, age, and photo url.
8. User can add their own story - pick a category, and add title, experience, and benefits of the experience.
9. User can sort stories by category.  If they sort by category, links to external sites related to the category appear for them to click on to open a new window.


* The categories of stories of learning experiences are:
1. Volunteering
2. Interpersonal Relationships
3. Vocational Training
4. Cultural Exposure
5. Other

* More task information and user stories can be found at: https://trello.com/b/O9CYPwVI/team-niner
* Deployed at:  https://desolate-anchorage-5031.herokuapp.com/
* Coding at: https://github.com/Tuzibun/team-nine

<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
